Found here: https://old.reddit.com/r/vtm/comments/1ju7lc9/some_rumors_to_hear_about_vampire_society_they/
	"Some rumors to hear about vampire society (They might or might not be true)"

OP:
    Kevin Jackson is a big fan of the Chicago Cubs. Apparently he was over the fucking Moon when they finally won a World Series.

    There are actually fourteen Antediluvians- because the Baali have one

    Vienna was an inside job, the SI had a mole in the Prime Chantry who sold them out in return for immunity. It might even be Meerlinda.

    There's actually no Inner Circle, the Justicars just made it up to justify appointing themselves.

    I heard the Hecata refused to make Francis Milliner an Anziani and he lost his shit. He hasn't gone back to Venice since.

    Hardestadt was the last member of the Inner Circle, ever. Once Theo Bell killed him, it's done, the Camarilla is finished. That's why he did it.

    All of Connecticut has a single Prince who governs each town with local supervisors. It's actually super controversial but they managed to get permission from the Inner Circle.

    The Ravnos have a secret language they don't teach anyone else. It's not like, super sophisticated, but it's enough to avoid Sheriffs.

    Don't let anyone hear this, but I heard that the Banu Haqim traded something impossibly valuable to get into the Camarilla. Something unique. Something we can steal.

    There's an old Sabbat ritual they used to do where they would dig up corpses and mold them into some kind of flesh robot. They even managed to get it to work sometimes.

    The Tremere captured Saulot instead of diablerizing him, and he escaped when the Prime Chantry was destroyed. He's still out there somewhere.

    You know as well as I that it's not just the Antediluvians that are back. Caine is out there too somewhere, I know it.

    The Setites have a weapon that can destroy an elder's entire bloodline- that's why the Camarilla didn't act against them for working with the Anarchs.

    I heard there's a betting ring, one where you can bet on mortals doing some Hunger Games type shit. They called the Roman Wager, and no one knows who runs it.

    The Lupines don't just appear from nowhere- they can warp time and space somehow. I heard it's because they can visit the Underworld.

    Every Prince is a member of the Inner Circle- all you have to do is show up to Venice and they let you vote. That's why the Justicars respect the Prince's authority.

    There's no vampires in Utah. No one knows why, but the rumor is that Clan Tremere were doing some kind of experiment there and it went bad.

    The Malkavians hear the whispers of their dead ancestors sometimes. I hear even Malkav is heard, but no one knows if it's actually them.

    The Nosferatu are afraid of something. They don't admit it but they're stockpiling weapons and fortifying hidden bunkers. Whatever can terrify an entire Clan must be horrible.

    Saulot left behind treasure, something deep in the Himalayan Mountains. It's a shame no one ever found it.

    The Inner Circle inducts members through this old fashioned mano-y-mano duel type shit. Theo Bell killed Hardestadt, and now he's on the Inner Circle even though he's an Anarch. Real trippy, right?

    Some firebrand named Annabelle really got Los Angeles riled up. They come and go, though, and she isn't even a Baron.

    There used to be a video game about vampires called Bloodlines. It was pretty good, too, but the Camarilla thought it was too realistic and stopped the sequel from coming out.

    I heard from my sire that the Puttanesca killed Jimmy Hoffa- that's why no one ever found his body, because they used Oblivion to hide it.

    There's a luxury hotel in Miami Beach where the movers and shakers visit called the Grand Condé. It belongs to no sect and is defended by one of the last Salubri.

Dark Ages comment:
    Saint Christopher was one of the examples on the Road of Heaven, coming from the Gangrel clan.

    The murder of Thomas Beckett was set up by the Malkavians, who used their powers, wanting to help him reach the gates of heaven.

    The Teutonic Order sent a squad of knights to search for the mysterious Hyperborea. A group of knights disappeared. But in fact - entered the kingdom of fairies.

    The Giovanni sponsor the Crusaders and arrange their defeat in order to gather many ghosts on the battlefield.

    The Death Clan uses ius cruentationis (Bahrrecht/Scheines Recht) in order to accuse the people they need.

