Name: Federico Giovanni
Clan: Giovanni
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Celebrant (History, Necromancy, and The Family, you extoll the virtues of all three. You
Ruleset: Revised	 believe it, at least in part, or you wouldn't have devoted yourself to all
					 three, but enthusiasm is also politically convenient. . .)

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 2
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (5)
		Charisma: 2
		Manipulation: 4
			Specialty: Well-Reasoned
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (7)
		Perception: 4
			Specialty: Discerning
		Intelligence: 4
			Specialty: Book Knowledge
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (9)
		Alertness: 1
		Athletics: 1
		Brawl: 1
		Dodge: 1
		Empathy: 1
		Intimidation: 3
		Subterfuge: 1
	Skills: (5)
		Drive: 1
		Firearms: 1
		Melee: 1
		Security: 1
		Survival: 1
	Knowledges: (13)
		Academics: 3
		Computer: 1
		Investigation: 3
		Linguistics: 3
			-Italian, Latin, Ancient Greek, Aramaic
		Occult: 3

Disciplines: (3 + 3 for Merits and Freebie Points)
	Auspex: 1
	Fortitude: 1
	Necromancy: 3
		Paths:
			The Sepulchre Path (Primary): 3
		Rituals:
			Level 1:
				-TODO: 1 free with first dot of Necromancy
					-Minestra di Morte: ?
						-Make a grisly stew with 1 point of vitae and part of a dead body to determine
						 if the body became a wraith, specter, or neither after death.
	Potence: 1

Backgrounds: (5 + 1 for Freebie Points spent)
	Mentor: 1
		-Your sire.
	Resources: 3
	Retainers: 1
		-A ghouled cousin, serving as a bruiser? Combat skills and streetwise?
	Spirit Slaves (Clanbook Giovanni pg. 67): 1
		-Maybe a cousin who didn't make it? Your childhood bully who's career as a legbreaker was
		 cut short? After you heard, you had a good idea of something that would be a fetter. . .
			-Clanbook Giovanni pg. 42 talks a bit about "The Honored Dead".

Humanity Rating: 5 (Conscience + Self-Control)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in each)
	Conscience: 2
	Self-Control: 3
	Courage: 5
	
Willpower: 5 (equal to Courage)
Blood Pool:  (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws: (-7 Freebie Points)
	Additional Discipline (5 pt. Merit, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 79):
		-Auspex is treated as a clan Discipline.
		-Some quirk of the blood, given it's a Cappadocian Discipline?
	Deep Sleeper (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 299):
		-Difficulty of any die roll to wake during the day is +2.
	Dulled Bite (2 pt. Flaw, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 73):
		-Undeveloped fangs mean you struggle to take blood, needing double the successes to bite.
		-Perhaps tied to your inbreeding; perhaps tied to your generation.
	Inbred (1 pt. Flaw, Clanbook Giovanni pg 78):
		-At 1 pt., this is an unobtrusive disfigurement. In your case, its some malformation of
		 your jaw. Dental issues plagued you as mortal, and this may be tied to your dull fangs.
	2 x Proxy Kissed (4 pt. Merit, Clanbook Giovanni pg 77):
		-Free Potence dot, at cost of bond. Taking it a second time gives Fortitude dot, but another
		 bond or bond step.
		-Perhaps you're two steps bonded to your sire, and one step to his rival?
	Rival Sires (2 pt. Flaw, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 78):
		-Someone else wanted to embrace you too, and now is pissed at you, your sire, or both of
		 you. They're at +2 difficulty vs. frenzy when you're around, and may work against you.
		-This does seem to be a thing with the way Giovanni elders determine who embraces who when.

Freebie Points: 8 (15 - 7 for Merits and Flaws)
	7	Auspex 1
	1	Retainers 1

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-You'll never be especially attractive, but the inbreeding your family is known for is only
		 minorly evident in your jaw. You're an average-looking, middle-aged man.
	-As a mortal:
		-TODO: cousins jostling to get noticed by prestigious family;
			   your bookishness ultimately won out over the many of them pursuing wealth or athleticism;
			   started to see why after the proxy kiss
		-Spent a long while as a ghoul after first being given The Proxy Kiss.
			-Perhaps you were kept a bit hidden by your sire's rival, before being won away by your
			 eventual sire in some power struggle. Would explain your apparent age, long period as
			 a ghoul, and high generation.
	-Your embrace:
		-
	-Both as a ghoul and after your embrace, TODO: you serve your family as a field agent, archeology?, general Indiana Jones-ing

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		7	The Ash Path 1
		4	The Ash Path 2
		5	Auspex 2
		10	Auspex 3
		15	Necromancy / The Sepulchre Path 4
	-More Necromancy!
		-You're ready to learn The Ash Path, which will help a ton in your seeker role, especially
		 the first two dots.
		-The Sepulchre Path 4 will enable you to participate directly in the family's great project,
		 and to contribute souls to the tithing.
		-The Cenotaph Path also seems attractive.
	-More Auspex also clearly contribute helps you as a seeker, especially dots 2 and 3.
