Name: 
Clan: Malkavian
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Visionary
Ruleset: Revised

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 2
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (5)
		Charisma: 3
		Manipulation: 3
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (7)
		Perception: 4
			Specialty: Insightful
		Intelligence: 4
			Specialty: Creative
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (9)
		Alertness: 3
		Malkavian Time (Clanbook: Malkavian pg. 59): 1
		Empathy: 3
		Expression: 1
		Subterfuge: 1
	Skills: (5)
		Drive: 1
		Etiquette: 1
		Performance: 2
		Stealth: 1
	Knowledges: (13)
		Academics: 2
		Computer: 2
		Finance: 1
		Investigation: 1
		Linguistics: 1
			Latin (you went to Catholic school)
		Medicine: 2
		Occult: 3
		Science: 1

Disciplines: (3 + 1 for Freebie Points spent)
	Auspex: 2
	Dementation: 1
	Obfuscate: 1

Backgrounds: (5)
	Contacts: 1
	Mentor: 1
		-Your sire.
	Resources: 2
		-Working at a dance studio?
	Retainers: 1
		-Occultist?

Humanity Rating: 7 (Conscience + Self-Control)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in each)
	Conscience: 4
	Self-Control: 3
	Courage: 3
	
Willpower: 3 (equal to Courage)
Blood Pool:  (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws: (-8 Freebie Points)
	Accute Sense (1 pt. Merit, Core pg. 296):
		-Accute hearing reduces all related difficulties by two.
	Bad Sight (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 297):
		-Can wear glasses for it, or it would be more points. Without them, +2 difficulty for
		 anything involving sight.
	Bound  (2 pt. Flaw, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 77):
		-To your lover.
	Concentration (1 pt. Merit, Core pg. 298):
		-You're unaffected by penalties from distracting circumstances.
	Deep Sleeper (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 299):
		-Difficulty of any die roll to wake during the day is +2.
	Efficient Digestion (3 pt. Merit, Core pg. 297):
		-You draw more than the usual nourishment from blood, gaining an extra point in your blood
		 pool for every two points of blood you consume.
	Oracular Ability (3 pt. Merit, Core pg. 300):
		-Storyteller can call for Perception + Occult to see an omen, followed by Intelligence +
		 Occult to interpret it.
	Old Pal  (2 pt. Merit, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 75):
		-Provides you "a very loyal Ally", your lover.
		-Hmm. . . maybe Allies are supposed to be human. . .
	Phobia (2 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 299):
		-You're afraid of snakes, and need to make a Courage roll or retreat from them.
	True Love (4 pt. Merit, Core pg. 301):
		-You truely love $OTHER_MALKAVIAN, and now _always_ will. One auto success on Willpower rolls.
		-(Description says the other party is mortal, but there's nothing that suggests that _has_
		 to be so for this to work. Worst case, you have more points to spend.)

Freebie Points: 7 (15 - 8 for Merits and Flaws)
	7	Auspex 2

Derangements:
	Manic-Depression (Core pg. 223):
		-Depressions can be triggered by secret Willpower (difficulty 8) rolls after failures, or
		 automatically after botches or when blood pool drops below 2.
		-In a depressive state, Willpower is halved and may not spend blood for Attributes.
		-After, difficult of frenzy rolls is one higher for a proportionate amount of time.

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	-As a mortal:
		-You and your lover were dating before your shared embrace, and taking dance classes
		 together.
	-Your embrace:
		-You and your lover share a sire, and the pair of you of you were a conscious project on
		 her part, albeit one that succeeded dramatically.
			-She wanted "a bonded pair" for her childer.
				-She studied the two of you before embracing you, testing your love for one another.
			-She probably does not know about the particulars of your feeding habits.
			-Perhaps she spotted the two of you at the dance studio?
		-You were embraced together.
			-Definitely an interesting thing to further detail.
	-Either of these paired characters could plausibly be played, or _both_ by different players.
	-A core part of the concept is both possessing the Efficient Digestion Merit.
		-As the Merit's vague rules have it, two vampires willing to feed from one another can
		 have infinite blood.
		-The obvious issue with that is the blood bond, a problem transcended here through The
		 Power of Love. The bond only reinforces a devotion the lovers felt even in life.
			-The lovers view their habitual feeding from one another as a sexually-charged sacrament,
			 and are reluctant to seek vitae elsewhere.
		-Also obvious, this is all a bit dubious, rules and flavor-wise both.
			-A Storyteller should of course feel free to forbid it on either score.
			-Limiting it's impact, though, is, again, the bond, and also the madness of the lovers.
			-Further, part of the story _is_ that something dangerously interesting is going on here.
				-The lovers _know_ what they have is special. Unfortunately, others might well agree,
				 potentially placing them in grave danger.
		-Their Retainers are one of the ends they put this miracle too, easily feeding ghouls.
			-They're on their way to starting a blood cult centered on themselves.
	-Mood music: The Magnetic Fields - Absolutely Cuckoo
	-TODO: A domain? A Bohemian neighborhood?
		-Domain is a Background in this edition, and you've got points you can swap into it.
			-_Pool_ it with the other lover? Kind of abusive, but up to the Storyteller.
			-3 dots would seem appropriate for representing what you have in mind.
			-It could be done with a dot less Retainers on one lover and the dot of Contacts on the
			 other, or Mentor points could be sacrificed for a less helpful sire.
		-"Do you know what happens to Lost Boys who leave Neverland? They grow _old_. Do you want to
		  go grey, body and soul, or do you want to fight pirates?"

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		
	-Presence would be an interesting step towards a blood cult.


Name: 
Clan: Malkavian
Nature: Celebrant (Your lover is the joy in your life. It's what makes you so afriad of losing him.)
Demeanor: Martyr (You're known to complain of the lengths you got to to protect your lover, but, in
				  truth, would gladly go to any.)

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (7)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 5
			Specialty: Feline Grace
		Stamina: 3
	Social: (5)
		Charisma: 2
		Manipulation: 4
			Specialty: Seductive
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (3)
		Perception: 2
		Intelligence: 2
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (13)
		Athletics: 3
		Brawl: 1
		Dodge: 2
		Expression: 1
		Intimidation: 3
		Subterfuge: 3
	Skills: (9)
		Drive: 1
		Firearms: 1
		Melee: 1
		Performance: 3
		Stealth: 3
	Knowledges: (5)
		Academics: 1
		Computer: 1
		Investigation: 3
		

Disciplines: (3 + 1 for Freebie Points spent)
	Dementation: 2
	Obfuscate: 2

Backgrounds: (5)
	Mentor: 1
		-Your sire.
	Resources: 2
		-Working at a dance studio?
	Retainers: 2
		-Perhaps one is the owner of the dance studio?

Humanity Rating: 6 (Conscience + Self-Control)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in each)
	Conscience: 2
	Self-Control: 4
	Courage: 4
	
Willpower: 4 (equal to Courage)
Blood Pool: (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws: (-8 Freebie Points)
	Bound  (2 pt. Flaw, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 77):
		-To your lover.
	Efficient Digestion (3 pt. Merit, Core pg. 297):
		-You draw more than the usual nourishment from blood, gaining an extra point in your blood
		 pool for every two points of blood you consume.
	Light Sleeper (2 pt. Merit, Core pg. 297):
		-You "awaken instantly at any sign of trouble or danger", and ignore Humanity restrictions
		 on dice pools during the day.
	Nightmares (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 299): ?
		-Willpower (difficulty 7) on waking or -1 die to all actions that night. Botch leaves you
		 "locked in a nightmare" for the night.
		-They probably center around something happening to your lover.
	Old Pal  (2 pt. Merit, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 75):
		-Provides you "a very loyal Ally", your lover.
	True Love (4 pt. Merit, Core pg. 301):
		-You truely love $OTHER_MALKAVIAN, and now _always_ will. One auto success on Willpower rolls.
		-(Description says the other party is mortal, but there's nothing that suggests that _has_
		 to be so for this to work. Worst case, you have more points to spend

Freebie Points: (15 - 8 for Merits and Flaws)
	7	Obfuscate 2

Derangements:
	Paranoia (Core pg. 223):
		-Distrustful and suspicious, social rolls have a difficulty one higher and you're prone to
		 frenzy when something trips your suspicions.

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	-As a mortal:
		-
	-Your embrace:
		-
	-
	-Mood music: The Magnetic Fields - When My Boy Walks Down the Street

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		
	-Dominate would be an interesting pickup for maintaining the security of yourself and your
	 lover, and a fun mirror of Presence should your lover manage to pick it up.
	-The physical disciplines would suit the protector role you've assigned yourself. Celerity would
	 be thematic, or Fortitude would be something you'd quickly force your lover to learn too.