Name: 
Clan: Nosferatu
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Survivor

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (7)
		Strength: 4
			Specialty: Iron Grip
		Dexterity: 3
		Stamina: 3
	Social: (3)
		Charisma: 1
		Manipulation: 4
			Specialty: Groveling (made up)
		Appearance: 0
	Mental: (5)
		Perception: 3
		Intelligence: 1
		Wits: 4
			Specialty: Getting the Jump on Others

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (13 + 2 for Freebie Point spent)
		Alertness: 3
		Athletics: 3
		Brawl: 5
			Specialty: Wrestling
		Dodge: 1
		Intimidation: 3
	Skills: (9 + 1 for Freebie Point spent) 
		Animal Ken: 3
		Stealth: 4
			Specialty: Silent Movement
		Survival: 3
	Knowledges: (5)
		Investigation: 3
		Linguistics: 2
			-You understand Spanish and Latin (though you can't "speak" anything). The Spanish is
			 from before your time in the warrens, and is probably why you learned more of the Latin
			 your keeper and eventual sire favored than most in the herd, even before your embrace.

Disciplines: (3)
	Obfuscate: 2
	Potence: 1

Backgrounds: (5)
	Generation: 5
		-Eighth generation: 15 blood pool, can spend 3 blood per turn.

Humanity Rating: 5 (Conscience + Self-Control)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in each)
	Conscience: 1
	Self-Control: 4
	Courage: 5
	
Willpower: 5 (equal to Courage)
Blood Pool: (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws: (-9 Freebie Points)
	Bruiser (1 pt. Merit, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 73):
		-Your appearance is terrifying. -1 difficulty on all Intimidation rolls against "those who
		 have not demonstrated their physical supperiority to you."
	Efficient Digestion (3 pt. Merit, Core pg. 297):
		-You draw more than the usual nourishment from blood, gaining an extra point in your blood
		 pool for every two points of blood you consume.
	Gaping Maw (2 pt. Merit, Clanbook: Nosferatu pg. 71):
		-You have an enormous mouth, easily three times the size of any human, jutting with
		 enormous (and sharp) teeth.
		-You can drain up to four points of blood a turn, rather than the usual 3.
	Huge Size (4 pt. Merit, Core pg. 297):
		-Though thin and spidery, when you unfold to your full height, your unnaturally long limbs
		 put you at nearly seven feet tall.
		-You have an extra Bruised health level and gain unspecified bonuses to "push objects, open
		 barred doors, void being knocked down, etc."
	Incoherent (5 pt. Flaw, Clanbook: Nosferatu pg. 74):
		-Your mouth renders you incapable of human speech.
	Long Fingers (1 pt. Merit, Clanbook: Nosferatu pg. 70):
		-Unnaturally long fingers give you "an extra die on any roll involving coordination or
		 grappling". 
	Oversized Fangs (1 pt. Merit, Clanbook: Nosferatu pg. 70):
		-The enormous fangs jutting from your mouth cannot be retracted but do an additional die of
		 damage when biting and add one die to Intimidation rolls.
	Short Fuse (2 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 299):
		-You're easily angered. Difficulties to avoid frenzy are two greater.
		-The cages were a dog-eat-dog world, sometimes rather literally. Violent outbursts were part
		 of staying alive, and dinner time.
	Sleep Unseen (2 pt. Merit, Clanbook: Nosferatu pg. 71):
		-You can Obfuscate when you sleep, requiring one extra blood point to stay hidden for the day.
	Tough Hide (2 pt. Merit, Clanbook: Nosferatu pg. 71):
		-Your thick, leathery skin gives you an extra die to soak damage, except fire or sunlight.

Freebie Points: 6 (15 - 9 for Merits and Flaws)
	4	Brawl 4 & 5
	2	Stealth 4
	

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-Hideous, of course. But, even for a Nosferatu, you're twisted _far_ from any human semblance.
		-Though thin and spidery, when you unfold to your full height, your unnaturally long limbs
		 put you at well over seven feet tall. Your fingers are long even for those limbs and
		 are in near constant motion, twitching expressively in response to your moods.
		-Above all, though, it's the mouth. Easily three times the size of any human's, it juts with
		 enormous sharp teeth. It's so gnarled that it precludes human speech.
	-As a mortal:
		-You were still a child when the Nosferatu took you and caged you in their warrens. As a part
		 of their herd, you were treated as less than an animal, packed in a filthy cell with others
		 like you and fed intermittently between random abuse.
		-You were, though, fed their blood, as it was an essential part how they kept their herd alive
		 in such squalid conditions. Even before the embrace, it twisted your body, as the blood does
		 all Nosferatu ghouls, but you especially so, since you were still growing.
		-(This all draws heavily from scenes in the Nosferatu Clan Novels, and a bit from the Blood
		  dolls description on page 79 of Clanbook Nosferatu.)
	-Your embrace:
		-Your sire was the master of the cages. Even before your embrace, but especially afterwards,
		 you'd overhear the Nosferatu discussing how he "keeps the old ways" and the contorted logic
		 that said it was better and kinder to make Nosferatu from those already thoroughly dehumanized.
			-Old ways are probably a sign of old age on his part, and linked to your high generation.
		-One day, there came a need for another Nosferatu. . .
	-Your life of abuse has left you animalistic and broken. You're prone to fight and flight both,
	 and have little idea of how to relate to anyone who isn't either hitting you or prey.
	-Your fellow Nosferatu, meanwhile, delight in inflicting a mute savage on the other clans when
	 they're called on to provide a clan member for some endeavor. After all, though you cause
	 outsiders unending consternation, they have a hard time pointing at your fearsome mien and
	 claiming the Nosferatu aren't contributing.

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		
	-
