Name: 
Clan: Pander
Nature: Fanatic (about the Sabbabt)
Demeanor: Visionary
Ruleset: Revised

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 2
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (7 + 1 for Freebie Points spent)
		Charisma: 4
		Manipulation: 5
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (5)
		Perception: 2
		Intelligence: 4
			Specialty: Creative
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (13 + 1 for Freebie Points spent)
		Alertness: 1
		Brawl: 3
		Dodge: 1
		Empathy: 1
		Intimidation: 1
		Leadership: 1
		Streetwise: 2
		Subterfuge: 4
			Specialty: Impeccable Lies
	Skills: (9)
		Body Crafts: 1
		Drive: 1
		Firearms: 1
		Performance: 3
		Security: 1
		Stealth: 1
		Suvival: 1
	Knowledges: (5)
		Camarilla Lore (Secondary): 1
		Investigation: 2
		Law: 1
		Politics: 1
		Sabbat Lore (Secondary): 1

Disciplines: (4 + 1 for Freebie Points spent)
	Celerity: 1
	Presence: 1
	Obfuscate: 1
	Vicissitude: 2

Backgrounds: (0 + 5 for Freebie Points spent)
	Alternate Identity: ?
	Generation: 4
		-Ninth generation: 14 blood pool, can spend 2 per turn.
		-Max allowed as a Pander at character creation. Represents successful diablerie on your
		 sire's part.
		-This windfall of lineage is an integral part of your "blood grail" scheme.
		-The fact that you yourself have not engaged in diablerie is also essential to your role as
		 an infiltrator.
	Rituals: 1 (3 auctoris ritae)
		The Vaulderie
		Creation Rites
		Blood Feast
	
Path: The Path of Power and the Inner Voice
Path Rating: 3 (Conviction + Instinct)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in Courage, none in alternate virtues)
	Conviction: 2
	Instinct: 1
	Courage: 5
	
Willpower: 5 (equal to Courage, minimum 5 to follow a path)
Blood Pool:  (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws: (+3 Freebie Points)
	Repulsed by Garlic (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 301):
		-You cannot abide garlic and the scent will drive you from a room unless you succeed on a
		 Willpower roll with difficulty based on the strength of the odor.
	Vulnerability to Silver (2 pt. Flaw, Guide to the Sabbat pg. 95):
		-Silver weapons deal aggravated to you, and the mere touch of silver discomfits you.
	Potential extras, depending on game:
		New Arrival (1 pt. Flaw, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 77):
			-Potentially appropriate for using this character in a Camarilla game where you're
			 claiming to be a newly arrived Caitiff.
		Dark Secret (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 300):
			-Also very appropriate for a Camarilla game, given that you're Sabbat
		-Points from the above, both suited to a Camarilla game, should probably go to dots in
		 the Alternate Identity background, to tie the whole thing together and put you on a
		 somewhat solid footing.

Freebie Points: (15 + 3 for Merits and Flaws)
	4	Generation 4
	1	Rituals 1
	7	Vicissitude 2
	2	Subterfuge 4
	4	Manipulation 5

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	-As a mortal:
		-Activist? Streetkid?
	-Your embrace:
		-
	-Your sire was a fierce advocate for the standing of the clanless in the Sabbat, and was 
	 involved in the struggle that won them recognition as "Panders".
		-He made you to continue that struggle, sharing his blood and knowledge both, to create a
		 proud and capable Pander, example and advocate both for the cause.
		-He disappeared amidst the turmoil of a Sabbat crusade, and you presume he met is final
		 death. An all too common fate for Panders, with the way the other clans see them as cannon
		 fodder.
	-You seek to bring that message to other clanless, to show the "Caitiff" of the Camarilla that
	 there's a better way out there, and a better home for them.
		-You're not above _forcing_ them to see the way, though, and don't see any real need to be
		 forthright about what their getting into until there's no way back out.
		-To that end, you'd be very interested in selling them on a couple of things:
			-The Vaulderie, as a "ritual of togetherness", and also as a cure for the blood bond,
			 if a mark is so inflicted.
			-"Blood Grails", a thing of your own invention. Misshapen lumps of flesh, to be offered
			 up to other vampires, they're your fleshshaped childer.
				-You see no need to explain that to the ignorant, though.
				-Instead, you talk of the power it offers, the cure to the usually very thin blood
				 of the clanless, and to the abuse they receive from other vampires.
				-You also see no need to reveal how diablerie marks them, at least until it suits
				 you to explain that there's no going back. . .
	-You revere Joseph Pander. You've never met him, but your sire claimed to have known him and you
	 believe it, given their dedication to a shared cause.
	-Only slightly behind Pander himself, you revere the Sabbat. The status the clanless have
	 achieved in the sect could have arisen nowhere else and you hold it's ideals of equality and
	 freedom close to your dead heart (at least as long as they continue to dictate toppling those
	 who sewed up all the power in the world before you were even made).
	-You see no real contradiction between your ideals and your _own_ advancement.
		-After all, every Pander that rises to prominence aids the cause.

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		
	-
