Name: 
Clan: Toreador
Nature: Scientist (Guide to The Camarilla, pg. 67)
Demeanor: Visionary (Core, pg. 115; also debated just Scientist again)
Ruleset: Revised

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 2
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (5)
		Charisma: 3 (P1, P2, P4, P5)
		Manipulation: 3 (Animalism)
		Appearance: 2 (P3)
	Mental: (7)
		Perception: 3
		Intelligence: 5
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (9)
		Empathy: 2 (P3, A2)
		Expression: 3
		Intimidation:  (P2, P5)
		Leadership: 2
		Subterfuge: 2 (P4)
	Skills: (5)
		Animal Ken: 2
		Performance: 3 (P1)
			(Mandatory?) Specialty: Science Communication (teaching, presentations, etc.)
	Knowledges: (13 + 2 for freebie points spent)
		Academics: 1
		Computer: 1
		Finance: 1
		Investigation: 2
		Medicine: 3
		Occult: 1
		Politics: 1
		Science: 5

Disciplines: (3 + 1 for freebie points)
	Animalism: 1
	Auspex: 1
	Celerity: 1
	Presence: 1

Backgrounds: (5 + 5 for freebie points spent)
	Mentor: 2
	Resources: 3
	Retainers: 3
	Herd: 2
	Status: 1

Humanity Rating: 6 (Conscience + Self-Control)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in each)
	Conscience: 2
	Self-Control: 4
	Courage: 4
	
Willpower: 4 (equal to Courage)
Blood Pool: (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws: 
	Bad Sight (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 297)
		Difficulty of any roll involving eyesight is +2.
		Can wear glasses for it, or it would be more points.
	Deep Sleeper (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 299)
		Difficulty of any roll to awaken during the day is +2.
	

Freebie points: 15 (15 + 2 for flaws)
	7	Animalism 1
	6	Backgrounds
	4	Science 4 & 5

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	-Embedded in acadamia.
		-Your focus was, and remains, biology.
			-You're gifted in finding the wonder and beauty in scientific understanding, and
			 perhaps more importantly, at communictaing it.
				-It's what attracted your sire to you.
				-Biology also offers interesting living art projects, in which you've dabbled.
					-You admit to yourself, though probably not to your sire, that all that has
					 more to do with securing publicity and grant money than genuine passion.
					-You're more into the actual investigation and discovery, but are continuing
					 to play a bit of that same grant money game with your sire.
				-This plays into your flaw, and the sort of things the enrapture you.
					-You're safer than the average Toreador in an art gallery, but can be
					 enraptured by scientific work, things in the natural world, or perhaps even
					 something found in a Tzimisce's lair. . .
		-Your sire, and mentor, found you at the university you remain embedded in, and helps
		 enable your continued presence there.
			-She likely has a more typically Toreador focus, academically.
		-Your herd, resources, and retainers are also all tied to the university.
			-Resources is probably higher than your personal wealth, reflecting university and
			 grant money that you have a somewhat free hand with.
				-Your haven is also within your lab space at the university.
					-Not too unusual to have an old walk in refrigerator in a secluded corner of a
					 biology lab, even one with a lock.
			-Similarly, an accredited biology researcher has various opportunities to draw blood from
			 volunteers or even outright purchase it.
				-They also reflect students and other hangers on involved in your research, who are
				 happy to volunteer for blood "tests", or simply work late with you in the lab. . .
			-Your retainers know a lot more of what's going on, and are ghouls.
				-One or more of them assist you in your research, and definitely need to know the
				 full score.
	-Your embrace has effectively provided you a vast new vista to which to apply your passion,
	 studying your new condition and it's implications.
		-If anything, it has _invigorated_ you, pushing you to heights of effort and depths of
		 understanding unknown to you as a mortal
		-Your disciplines represent your broad sampling of the vampiric condition.
	-Topics of research:
		-Microbiomes of the undead.
			-You're cold and otherwise unliving, which must impact it heavily.
			-Could this be manipulated? Perhaps disguising the scent of Kindred, from animals,
			 Gangrel, or perhaps even lupines?!?
			-Kindred sweat blood, and Kindred blood changes living things strangely. What does it
			 do to microbes?
		-You can talk to lab animals now. Run with that.
			-That's probably an ability you actively sought out, arranging training from another
			 Kindred, likely with the help of your sire.
		-Auspex 2 will similarly open up interesting avenues of research, giving you objective-ish
		 insight into emotional states.

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Auspex, especially 2, is exciting for you.
	-You're probably all too tempted by disciplines you can't, and probably shouldn't, have.
		-Thaumaturgy fascinates you endlessly, representing as it does truely miraculous manipulation
		 of the vampiric condition.
			-You clearly share a bit of the Tremere approach to vampirisim, at least that of the
			 first Tremere, anyways, albeit with a more modern approach to exploring.
			-Paths like Biothamaturgy or The Green Path would excite you to no end.
		-Similarly, the potential applications of Vicisstude are. . . fascinating.
	-Tentative schedule:
		