Name: 
Clan: Tzimisce
Nature: Celebrant (You love kitties! Also, you're starting to rather enjoy Sabbat ritual.)
Demeanor: Director
Ruleset: Revised

Attributes: (7/5/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 2 (V3)
		Dexterity: 2 (V2)
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (7)
		Charisma: 4 (A2)
			Specialty: Graceful
		Manipulation: 5 (A1, A3, A4, A5)
			Specialty: Persuasive
		Appearance: 1
	Mental: (5)
		Perception: 3
		Intelligence: 3 (V1)
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, max of 3)
	Talents: (13)
		Alertness: 1
		Athletics: 1
		Brawl: 1
		Dodge: 1
		Empathy: 3
		Intimidation: 3
		Subterfuge: 3
	Skills: (9)
		Animal Ken: 3
		Drive: 1
		Etiquette: 2
		Stealth: 2
		Survival: 1
	Knowledges: (5)
		Academics: 1
		Koldunism: 2
		Linguistics: 1
			-Polish, your long dead parents' first language.
		Occult: 1

Disciplines: (4)
	Animalism: 3
	Auspex: 1
	Koldunic Sorcery: 1
		Way of Fire: 1 (Manipulation + Koldunism)
			-There are a lot of burned out buildings in your (admittedly rough) neighborhood these days. . .
		Rituals: (Intelligence + Koldunism)
			Level 1:
				Mephistophelean Minx (Sins of the Blood pg. 98)
					-Cat ritual that grants Willpower!

Backgrounds: (0)
	Mentor: 1
	Resources: 3
		-You've still got some money coming in from Social Security and dear Henry's pension, and
		 a long while before either cuts you off without a death certificate.
		-You also own your house, a ramshackle affair ("With Henry gone, I've fallen rather behind
		 in repairs. . .") crawling with semi-feral cats.
			-The neighborhood around it is terrible these days, a thing that might have something
			 to do with Sabbat control of your city.
	Retainers: 2
		-You keep a ghouled mountain lion. Procured with Animalism and a drive to the hills just
		 outside the city, you keep her inside your home, to guard it in your absence and in your
		 sleep. Core pg. 303 has big cat stats, and she's probably closer to a lion than jaguar in
		 size.
		-You also have a colony of semi-feral cats that you feed food laced with your blood. Cat
		 stats are on Core pg. 303, followed by rules for a swarm of them on the next page. The
		 swarm stats do seem about equivalent to a Retainer.
	Rituals: 1 (3 auctoris ritae)
		The Vaulderie
		Creation Rites
		Fire Dance
	Sabbat Status: 1 (Pack Priest)

Humanity Rating: 5 (Conscience + Self-Control)
Virtues: (7 above base of 1 in each)
	Conscience: 2
	Self-Control: 3
	Courage: 5
	
Willpower: 5 (equal to Courage)
Blood Pool:  (roll a d10 for start of game, max is based on generation)

Merits & Flaws:
	Inoffensive to Animals (1 pt. Merit, Guide to the Camarilla pg. 79):
		-Animals don't dislike you as they do most Vampires.
	Short (1 pt. Flaw, Core pg. 297):
		-You were short to begin with, and age took it's toll over a long mortal life.

Freebie Points: (15)
	7	Koldunic Sorcery 1
	1	Mentor 1
	3	Resources 3
	2	Retainers 2
	1	Rituals 1
	1	Sabbat Status 1

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-You're a short, bent, elderly woman. You use the fact that vampires underestimate you and
		 kine sympathize with you to your advantage regularly.
	-As a mortal:
		-You were embraced in your early 70's, and thus lived a full life before your unlife.
		-You were married for 48 years, but "dear Henry" passed several years before your embrace.
	-Your embrace:
		-
	-Your sire is (was?) a brute. You have no affection for him and, for his part, he thought
	 your embrace was a funny joke (and never called you anything by "gran'ma vampire").
	-On the other hand, a life time of experience with church social events, and the backbiting
	 vipers that rule them, prepared you surprisingly well for some aspects of The Sabbat.
		-You now have a circle of "ladies" you have by for "tea".
		-One of them took a particular liking to you, and you to her, especially after she adopted
		 several of your darling cats. She's your mentor.
			-She taught you a thing or two about "witchcraft" when you complained about some
			 problematic neighbors, and you learned why she wanted the cats.
			-She's also teaching you how to the ropes of being a pack priest, she being one herself.
	-You've taken to the classic trope of sleeping in a (dirt smeared) coffin in your basement.
		-With the death-like sleep of your unlife, you began to wake up with bites from some of
		 your more ill-mannered cats beginning to eat you, and so resorted to this.
		-Henry purchased went mad for funeral planning at one point, purchasing adjoining grave
		 plots and, when he got sick, matching coffins ("It was a package deal!"). The plot will
		 be going to waste now, but you're getting good use out of the coffin.

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		
	-
