Touch of Frost (1 pt. flaw)
		Core pg. 301
	Eerie Presence (2 pt. flaw)
		Core pg. 302
Suggested flaws:
Harbinger of the Abyss (5-pt. Flaw)
You are a conduit to the ultimate darkness
that lies Beyond. Lights dim in your presence and
shadows rustle at the edge of vision in dire anticipation of your blasphemy. Small fires extinguish
when you draw close and the chill of the Void is in
your touch. Your player must roll your
Obtenebration rating against the soak difficulty of
any mundane flame within two yards of you. This
roll is reflexive and mandatory, and success extinguishes the flame. This dimming is in addition to
suffering the effects of Touch of Frost and Eerie
Presence (Dark Ages: Vampire pp. 308–9). The
Flaw conveys one benefit: Your unnatural radiance reduces the difficulty of all Intimidation rolls
by 3, to a minimum difficulty of 4. Characters
must have at least one dot of Obtenebration to
purchase this Flaw
Animate Shadow (3-pt. Flaw)
Your shadow has a bizarre unlife of its own,
reaching out with claws to grasp the shadows of
those around you in a parody of feeding or billowing to a demonic mien when frenzy threatens to
overtake you. Some Lasombra believe this curse
afflicts only those who delve too deeply into the
mysticism of the Abyss; others attribute it to infernal pacts, the wrath of God or a shameful lack of
self-control. Regardless, you lose two dice from all
Social rolls with other Lasombra who know of your
problem. This Flaw occasionally manifests among
vampires who do not belong to the Clan of Shadows, but such accursed individuals invariably
disappear under mysterious circumstances, perhaps
swallowed by their own alien darkness.
Death’sReflection
(3-pt. Supernatural Flaw)
You cast a reflection normally, which would cancel
out the clan weakness — except that your reflection
always shows the state you’d be in if you were dead.
Any Lasombra more than a few decades old looks in
reflection like an ambling skeleton. Younger vampires
appear as rotting corpses


-You probably don't have all of those. Seems like you need 6 pts. more of flaws.
	-No, you actually do! Storyteller is fine with exceeding the limit.
		-Also, you miscounted, and _need_ all of them, for the changes he made.
			-You missed some backgrounds he added.
	-6 more points puts you at 9 pts of flaws, though, more than the 7 the rulse allow
	-Ah, Harbringer includes Touch of Frost and Eerie Presence 
	-Other options:
		-Vengeful (2): Still pissed at your old pack?
		-Deep Sleeper (1)
		-Bad Sight (1): 1 pt. allows glasses as a fix